VLispProfiler uses third-party libraries that may be distributed under
licenses different than the VLispProfiler software.

The attached notices are provided for information only.

License notice for Command Line Parser Library for CLR and NetStandard
----------------------------------------------------------------------

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2005 - 2015 Giacomo Stelluti Scala & Contributors

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"),
to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation
the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense,
and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL
THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

License notice for NSIS
-----------------------

Copyright (C) 1999-2019 Contributors

More detailed copyright information can be found in the individual source
code files. 

All NSIS source code, plug-ins, documentation, examples, header files and
graphics, with the exception of the compression modules and where otherwise
noted, are licensed under the zlib/libpng license.

The zlib compression module for NSIS is licensed under the zlib/libpng
license.

The bzip2 compression module for NSIS is licensed under the bzip2 license.

The lzma compression module for NSIS is licensed under the Common Public
License version 1.0.
